ZMO airframe: update parameters (#24803)
PX4/PX4-Autopilot: docs/en/frames_vtol/vtol_tiltrotor_omp_hobby_zmo_fpv.md

## First Flight

- Check tilt rotor reactions in [Stabilized mode](../flight_modes_fw/stabilized.md). Keep the throttle stick at the minimum and place the vehicle at the ground. To enable the tilt servos you need to arm the vehicle.

>   - Yaw the vehicle to the right (nose to the right) -> left motor should tilt forward, right motor should tilt backward

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Command a yaw to the right (nose to the right) -> left motor should tilt forward, right motor should tilt backward
```

>   - Yaw the vehicle to the left (nose to the left) -> left motor should tilt backward, right motor should tilt forward

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Command a yaw to the left (nose to the left) -> left motor should tilt backward, right motor should tilt forward
```
